{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Beatles White Album \
Year:  1968 \
 1. Back in the U.S.S.R.\
 2. Dear Prudence\
 3. Glass Onion\
 4. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\
 5. Wild Honey Pie\
 6. The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill\
 7. While My Guitar Gently Weeps\
 8. Happiness Is a Warm Gun\
 9. Martha My Dear\
10. I'm So Tired\
11. Blackbird\
12. Piggies\
13. Rocky Raccoon\
14. Don't Pass Me By\
15. Why Don't We Do It in the Road?\
16. I Will\
17. Julia\
18. Birthday\
19. Yer Blues\
20. Mother Nature's Son\
21. Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey\
22. Sexy Sadie\
23. Helter Skelter\
24. Long, Long, Long\
25. Revolution 1\
26. Honey Pie\
27. Savoy Truffle\
28. Cry Baby Cry\
29. Revolution 9\
30. Good Night \
===============================\
Abbey Road \
Year:  1969 \
 1. Come Together\
 2. Something\
 3. Maxwell's Silver Hammer\
 4. Oh! Darling\
 5. Octopus's Garden\
 6. I Want You (She's So Heavy)\
 7. Here Comes the Sun\
 8. Because\
 9. You Never Give Me Your Money\
10. Sun King\
11. Mean Mr. Mustard\
12. Polythene Pam\
13. She Came in Through the Bathroom Window\
14. Golden Slumbers\
15. Carry That Weight\
16. The End\
17. Her Majesty\
===============================\
Magical Mystery Tour\
Year:  1967 \
 1. Magical Mystery Tour\
 2. The Fool on the Hill\
 3. Flying\
 4. Blue Jay Way\
 5. Your Mother Should Know\
 6. I Am the Walrus\
 7. Hello Goodbye\
 8. Strawberry Fields Forever\
 9. Penny Lane\
10. Baby You're a Rich Man\
11. All You Need Is Love\
=============================== \
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\
Year:  1967 \
 1. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\
 2. With a Little Help from My Friends\
 3. Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds\
 4. Getting Better\
 5. Fixing a Hole\
 6. She's Leaving Home\
 7. Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!\
 8. Within You Without You\
 9. When I'm Sixty-Four\
10. Lovely Rita\
11. Good Morning Good Morning\
12. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)\
13. A Day in the Life\
=============================== \
Hey Jude\
Year:  1970 \
 1. Can't Buy Me Love\
 2. I Should Have Known Better\
 3. Paperback Writer\
 4. Rain\
 5. Lady Madonna\
 6. Revolution\
 7. Hey Jude\
 8. Old Brown Shoe\
 9. Don't Let Me Down\
10. The Ballad of John and Yoko \
}